[lively music]
[whirring]
[upbeat music]
[sniffs]
[Roger] I'm Roger.
That's where I live.
Robo City.
Best place in the world.
Well, if you forget all the traffic.
And all the people everywhere.
And especially all the walking tins.
[laughs]
Like Bill, our sheriff.
It's just such a lot of fun
to jerk him around
or make him lose his head.
[chuckles]
Literally.
The Great Ferris Wheel.
Everybody loves it.
I don't.
I think it's, uh... creepy.
I dodge the bipedals and tin cans
as best I can.
And most of all,
I try to avoid all the pets around.
But what I really hate are...
[disgusted groan]
...cats.
When night falls on Robo City
and everyone is sleeping...
my day begins.
[tires screech]
[country western accent]
I'm behind you.
You can smell my breath, you flea-bag.
I'm hot on your heels.
[Roger chuckles]
[Roger] Well, he's not.
'Cause I'm a stray.
And I'm breathing down your neck,
Billyboy.
[chuckles]
You may rule the day,
but I... rule the night.
[whirring]
[ominous music]
Huh?
Hmm...
[light jazz music]
[soft chuckle]
[vacuum whirs]
Hm?
[chuckles deviously]
[vacuum whirs]
Hmm...
Huh?
-[elephant trumpets]
-Huh?
[background zoo animal noises]
[Roger] Wow. Huh.
-[rattles]
-Huh?
Hmm...
Huh?
[grunts]
[gasps]
Hmm...
-[growls]
-[cat groans]
[yawns]
[disappointed sigh]
[refrigerator whirs]
[Roger] Ah!
[chuckles]
Huh.
Uh, veggie? Give me a break.
Ah... Now we're talking.
[slurps]
[Roger] Hiya.
[Roger grunts]
[Roger chuckles, sniffs]
[grunts]
[gasps]
[whimpers]
-[cat groans sleepily]
-Uh-oh.
[relieved sigh]
Huh.
[grunting]
[pants]
[suspenseful music]
Uh... Ah...
-[snoring]
-Mm.
Hmm.
Huh?
[hisses]
[posh English accent]
A stray dog in my home?
Go back to where you came from!
Ooh...
You got me shaking in my shoes, kitty cat.
[posh English accent]
Belle? Belle, my darling?
-[woman 1] Mummy's home.
-[both gasp]
[sighs]
An eight-hour photo shoot.
Smiling. Looking perfect.
[sighs]
And I've missed you so much.
Huh?
-[hisses]
-[growls]
[gasps]
[grunts]
[Roger groans]
[relieved sigh]
A dirty, smelly dog.
In our private home.
And my brave Belle
scared the horrid stray away.
It's you and me forever, Belle.
Nothing and nobody
will ever come between us.
[distant police car siren blares]
Huh.
-[creaking, banging]
-Hm. Huh?
[creaks]
Hmm...
[Roger] Aw.
-[alarm rings]
-Huh.
-[ringing continues]
-Oh. Hmph.
-Oops.
-Gotcha!
In your dreams, tin slug.
Slug? I'll show you.
[whirring]
[grunts]
[shudders]
You scared me to death, Bill.
[grunts]
[Roger chuckling]
Yeah.
[chuckles]
[Roger grunting]
-[groans]
-[chuckles mischievously]
-Oh!
-Ooh!
Huh?
[Roger laughs]
[Roger] Here you go!
Mm? Whoa!
[grunts]
[groaning]
-[chuckles]
-[Bill] Whoa!
-[Roger grunts]
-[snaps]
[grumbles, gasps]
[groaning]
Hmm...
You have the right to remain silent.
[Bill] Anything you say can and will be
used against you
in a court of law.
[Roger laughs]
You're a lost cause, Bill.
[grunts]
Yep.
Hm?
[grunts]
[jazz music]
[whirring]
Hm...
[humming]
[Roger sighs]
[Roger] Home sweet home.
[snoring]
[groans]
Huh.
Hey, Beezer. Great to see you.
What's up?
Taking a day off from the zoo again?
[sniffling]
[wind gusts]
[Scottish accent]
I can smell the wind of change.
[chuckles]
Well, with an, uh... organ like that,
I could smell a piece of sausage
a thousand miles from here.
-[groans]
-[Roger] Oh, sorry, I forgot.
Never mention your, uh, "sniffer".
[Roger] I didn't mean
to hurt your feelings.
I know, I know. It's your soft spot.
-[rumbling]
-[gasps]
-[clanking]
-[indistinct grunt]
[groans]
Hm?
-[clanking]
-[indistinct grunting]
Huh?
[growls, sniffs]
[British accent]
Good morning.
-Uh... Huh?
-I really need to give you a hug.
Huh?
-[grunting]
-Hey!
-Come here.
-Hey, hey, hey.
Where did you come from?
Oh! Uh, I should have introduced myself.
My name is Bob.
Ta-da! I am an Emo Bot. A robot pet.
First and last specimen of a new,
but discarded product line.
Pets aren't welcome here.
And robots neither.
This is the home of the homeless.
Bob is homeless.
He was supposed to be scrapped.
-[Beezer] Somehow he managed to escape.
-Huh.
The Stray and Scrap Police
have been after him for days.
He was so frightened,
he hooked up with a bin.
[soft chuckle]
[Beezer] Probably felt
they had something in common.
Poor guy.
So, yes, he is one of us, Roger.
[chuckles]
Bob likes you.
[heart beats]
Oh, no.
You're a cat, aren't you?
A cat? I am Roger, the Thief of Robo City.
Everybody knows me.
I am... a dog!
Hey. No problem.
We're best friends for life...
-either way!
-What?
You better check for loose screws, buddy.
[Roger] "Wind of change."
Okay, okay, but not a whirlwind.
Oh.
[somber music]
[clanks]
[rumbling]
[yawns]
Uh.
Huh?
[meows]
[soft chuckle]
[contented sigh]
Hm.
[yawns]
[Roger] Hmm.
[groans sleepily]
[light music]
[hums]
[yawns]
-[spray hisses]
-Hmm.
[purrs]
You're just like me.
Nothing but the best.
-[spray hisses]
-[sniffles]
[squeals]
[mutters]
[gasps]
Fixit! Come here!
[whirring]
-Get rid of the...
-Mm-mm.
[whispers]
...spider.
All is well, my dear. All is well.
No more spider.
[woman 1] Fixit will keep an eye on it.
[grumbles]
I've got a photo shoot in 30,
so I'll drop you off at Pamper Pets.
Beauty time for my little tiger.
[Italian accent]
Mama's going to get you later, Ronaldo.
And tonight, there'll be a nice big plate
of pasta waiting for you.
Mmm!
-Hm.
-[smooches]
Oh...
Ciao, bello.
[upbeat music]
[groans]
[Ronaldo grunts]
-[grunting]
-[cracks]
[Italian accent]
Sculpted in heaven.
[sighs]
[Irish accent]
Hey, Ronaldo, chill out.
You've been Pet of the Year
five times already.
Ronaldo can't help it.
Ronaldo has to be first.
Ronaldo needs it.
For his mama. For his ragazza.
And for himself.
Belle, doesn't Ronaldo
look simply fantastico?
You're so embarrassing, Ronaldo.
Merely in love.
If you weren't in love
with your mama, Ronaldo,
you'd date yourself.
I could watch Ronaldo, like, forever.
I hear his owner worships
the ground he walks on.
Literally.
[sighs]
Who wouldn't? What do you think, Tiger?
[mumbles]
[chuckles]
[slurps]
You're letting yourself go, Slomo.
[laughs]
Slow and steady wins the race.
[slurps]
Good morning, good folk of Robo City.
This is your mayor speaking, Frank Stone.
[Mayor] It's a beautiful new day
in this great city.
Robo City.
And to ensure that this city
becomes even more beautiful,
more unique, more perfect,
I have planned something
very special for you, my fellow citizens.
Something that you won't forget.
Today is a very special day.
[Mayor's voice echoes]
[man] It's your first birthday, Roger.
Today is a very special day.
[sighs]
Enjoy it...
[whirring]
...while you can.
[beeping]
[foreboding music]
-[engine rumbling]
-Huh?
[rumbling continues]
[engine rumbles louder]
[laughs wickedly]
[gasps]
[whimpers]
Huh?
[screams]
[groans]
[hisses]
[meows]
[gasps]
[snarls]
[mutters]
[engine rumbles]
[loud bang]
[creaks]
[rumbling]
[somber music]
[Bob] You have to think positive.
Every time a door closes, another opens.
You again. Let me guess.
You're not just an emo gadget.
You also have a philosophy app.
Am I right?
Absolutely!
And Roger, that's you,
and Bob, that's me...
[gasps]
I'm in awe of your memory banks.
...are friends for life.
Bob and Roger, together forever!
Hey, Shakespeare, you go on rhyming.
I'm off to find myself
a new place to stay.
Not for the first time.
-[cocks gun]
-Huh?
-Oh.
-[snarls]
-[gasps]
-Oh!
-[pants]
[both grunt]
[laughs wickedly]
[camera shutter clicks]
[smartphone voice] Superhero!
-[Bob] Um... Oh.
-[whirs]
[grunts]
Huh?
-[Roger] What...
-[Bob] There we go.
[groans]
Hm? Oh!
-Huh.
-Uh-oh.
-[gun clicks off]
-Hm?
-Uh? Huh?
-I think it's jammed.
-Ah.
-[gun clanks]
[groaning]
[snickers]
Gah!
-Oh.
-[both laugh]
Let me down. I feel sick up here.
-Hm.
-What?
Aw... Look at this little guy.
[Bob] So cute.
[tense music]
[Bob] Maybe not.
Um...
-Oh!
-Yeah!
[Bob] Wait for me!
[panting]
Aah. Woo-hoo-hoo! Um...
[grunts]
[gasps, pants]
[panting]
-I got you.
-Uh... Oh...
Huh?
[groans]
[Bob] Hold on!
[terrified groan]
[yells]
Aah! Ah!
-Ooh!
-[car horn honks]
-Ah!
-[thuds]
Oh!
-Um...
-Whoa!
[groans]
[upbeat music]
-[Roger pants]
-Oh!
[robots whir]
Right.
[grunts]
-Speed!
-[beeps]
[both grunt]
[groaning]
Ha-ha!
[calm music]
[posh accent]
What's on the schedule today, Edgar?
Sport, I'm afraid, Oscar.
[sighs]
Good gracious.
[both groan]
[Roger] Huh! Oh!
[groans]
[laughs, grunts]
[screams]
-[tires screech]
-[Bob] Sorry!
[both yelping]
A stray. And scrap.
-In public?
-Shocking, isn't it?
Whoa! Oh!
[yelps]
Argh! Oh!
[Bob] Hey!
-Hello!
-[terrified scream]
[dreamy music]
[Roger] Whoa!
[Roger grunts]
[Roger yelps]
[both grunt]
[groans]
Huh?
[laughs wickedly]
Uh... Huh?
[whirring]
Hm?
Hm...
[gasps]
Hmm...
Hm...
Huh? Oh!
-[clanks]
-Oh.
[groans]
[Roger] Hm?
[Roger scoffs]
Bob wants a nanny too.
Those are for...
bootlickers.
-Crawlers.
-Toadies.
-Wimps.
-Sycophants.
You always have to have
the last word, right?
Sorry, it's just my synonym app.
Ugh, that stray again.
And the filthy waste on wheels.
Scandalous.
[Roger chuckles]
-Loafers.
-Idlers.
Smart-aleck.
Smart... what?
That's not in my dictionary.
-[both gasp]
-[siren blares]
Bob has an idea. Bob puts you on a leash.
[scoffs]
In your dreams!
Don't get used to this.
You're not my nanny.
Bob will take you to a safe place.
-[Roger] Huh?
-[Bob] You'll love it!
Oh, no. Over my dead body.
[groans]
-[police sirens blares]
-[Roger] Huh?
[grunts, gasps]
[upbeat music]
Huh?
Uh... Okay.
[pleased sigh]
[humming]
[Sophie snorting]
I wonder when Sophie last went for a wax.
-[Chichi] Last century?
-[Sophie snorts]
Say something, will you?
Which reminds me,
I need my lips plumping up again.
By the way, have you ever thought
about getting your nose done?
Well, I mean having one made
in the first place!
-These pets are sicker than I thought.
-Yep.
You know what, Walter?
Mm-mm. And I don't wanna know.
-News is usually not good news.
-Hmm...
You're my absolute dream guy.
What did I say!
If you'd one wish, what would it be?
Me?
[sighs]
I'm just happy if I get through the day
without anything happening to me.
Oh, come on, Walter.
-Okay, well, uh...
-Uh-huh.
What I'd really like...
Yeah?
...is to be a skateboard champion.
Skateboard champion. Great.
[chuckles]
But so far I've only managed
to stay on the board
for about five seconds
before it ditches me.
[frustrated sigh]
I'm a lost cause.
Nonsense!
You've got real staying power.
[chuckles]
You just need a push.
Nah, it's already on the highest setting.
Chill out. Take a risk.
Bad news again.
[beeps]
[frantic panting]
[yelps]
-[Walter yelling]
-[Sophie] Oh!
[Sophie laughs]
What did I say?
That boy's got zing in his step.
[Mayor over loudspeakers]
Good folk of Robo City.
Our city is on the cusp of a new era.
We're approaching a perfect world.
A world devoid of hatred,
pain, fear.
A world without error.
A world without failure.
A world with no place for failures...
like you.
[Roger] Is that really...
No.
It's not possible.
[Mayor] For you are all imperfect.
Vain and spoilt.
With pumped-up emotions.
Your existence is worthless.
So unlike my own pure
and perfect creations.
Such flawless structures.
Such elegant design.
And yet I accommodate
such pitiful creatures as you.
I've had enough.
[Mayor] But I'm generous.
I'm granting you a whole hour.
A whole hour to pack your bags
and leave town.
-The town designed for my creations
-[people gasp]
and my creations alone.
And so to show you that I mean business,
I've prepared...
a little something.
[ominous music]
[beeping]
[laughs wickedly]
[Mayor laughing]
[all groan]
[all gasp]
[creaking]
[loud bang]
[whirs]
[all screaming]
[screaming continues]
[pants]
[panting]
[all screaming]
[Chichi] And then I'm getting
my nose pierced,
eyelash extensions,
buttock enhancements...
[bored]
Oh, really?
That's exciting.
Which reminds me...
The Thief of Robo City came
to my apartment last night.
[gasps]
And?
He's on his way to dog heaven.
[clears throat]
Oh, is he?
-[gasps]
-[rumbling]
[dramatic music]
Mamma mia.
[indistinct screaming]
-[police car siren blares]
-[indistinct chatter]
Ronaldo!
Mama!
[foreboding music]
[laughs wickedly]
[horns honking]
Something's missing.
[gasps]
Belle!
We have to go back.
[taxi robot] Traffic jam.
No U-turn possible.
Oh, no! My baby!
[dramatic music]
[wind gusts]
[beeping]
[Roger] Strange things are happening.
And I strongly feel that
they're somehow connected with me.
With my past,
a past I can hardly remember.
I have to find out what's going on.
Bob will be at your side wherever you go.
[panting]
Ah...
[woman 2] Tiger! Chichi!
And my reflexology massage?
And the lomilomi treatment?
And the hot stones?
[slurps]
[whimpers sadly]
Typical.
Of course, I'm among the forgotten.
My mistress will be here any minute.
She can't live without me.
No, she won't.
I know what I'm talking about.
My old man forgets me everywhere.
[scoffs]
The other day, he left me
behind in a restaurant.
I can count myself lucky
I didn't end up as a schnitzel.
Oh, no!
Who's going to clip Ronaldo's claws?
Who'll make him chocolate mousse?
Iron his pajamas? Make his basket?
Who will sing him to sleep?
Wake him with a kiss?
Oh, put a cork in it, Elvis.
Is she talking to Ronaldo?
We'll go to my mistress.
She'll be out of her mind with worry.
You know your way home?
Of course.
Well, sort of.
Actually, not really.
Not at all.
Hey, I know the way.
-Hmm...
-Yeah, sure.
Especially in the dark,
when respectable animals
are getting their beauty sleep.
-[rumbling]
-[gasps]
[whirring]
-[screams]
-[grunts]
[sighs]
A greased-up poodle,
a wacky robot,
and a cat around my neck.
Can it get any worse?
-[rumbling]
-[gasps]
It's me or him.
[whirring]
[growls]
[groans]
[whimpers]
Hm?
[gulps]
[distant whistle]
[all gasp]
[rebellious, electronic music]
[gasps]
Oh!
[clanks, whirs]
[somber music]
[paper rustles]
Slomo sacrificed himself for us.
Slomo's courage will always
inspire Ronaldo's strength.
He saved our lives.
So we should leave while we can
and not set up camp in the open street.
[Roger] Belle lives over
on the other side of the zoo.
So this is our shortcut.
And the wild animals?
Are sound asleep in their cages.
[background zoo animal noises]
That's bad news.
At least you're safe
from the dog-catcher here.
We're pets.
We have no problem with the police.
[scoffs]
Do you think so?
Without your owners,
you're nothing but strays and beggars.
[Beezer] He's right, you know.
[Roger] Hey, Beezer!
Good to see a familiar nose, uh... face.
What's that guy got between his eyes?
You got a problem, pug?
Mm-mm.
[nervous chuckle]
Hell of a crew you've got here, man.
Not my kind of clan, mind.
Catch you later.
[snickers]
Ah... Beezer wouldn't hurt a fly.
Only, you shouldn't mention his...
[groans]
...nose.
He's funny on that.
[whirs]
[ominous music]
[beeps]
[Mayor] The... Emo Bot.
Boris!
[loud metallic footsteps]
Didn't I order every specimen
of this good-for-nothing series
to be scrapped?
[mumbling]
[background zoo animal noises]
[wheezy laughing in distance]
[laughs hysterically]
[Slavic accent]
What a cute little barrel you are.
I am not a cute little barrel.
My name is Bob.
Whatever.
As long as you're tasty.
[sniffs, growls]
[snarls]
-[sniffs]
-Ugh.
Never heard of manners, have you?
That's all that's left
of the last pussycat I met.
[Walter] Hyena poo!
[hyena laughs]
[growls]
What do you want, lapdog?
Oof. Oops-a-daisy.
I would like to offer you
a hearty welcome, sir.
Hm?
-[thuds]
-Oof. Holy moly!
Oof.
Hmm.
[Belle] Oh... It's a bit whiffy
around here.
Don't tell me you've been
programmed to fart, too.
[footsteps thudding]
[yawns]
[Slavic accent]
Such fine tidbits coming my way.
Hey. You better not pick a fight with us.
My mama weighs 120 kilo.
And where is your mama, fluff-tail?
Nobody calls me fluff-tail
without consequences.
Ronaldo stood up to a ferocious monster.
[Ronaldo] Ronaldo even got over
the death of his comrade in battle.
[exhales]
Oh, dear.
Not big on dental hygiene, are we?
Hm?
[exhales loudly, sniffs]
[disgusted sigh]
I'd suggest a strict salad diet
with a bit of peppermint on the side.
-Salad diet and...
-Peppermint.
Salad diet and...
Peppermint.
Not the sharpest tool
in the box, the worm, is he?
Well, let's see. Try it again, smart guy.
It's salad diet and...
Uh...
Peppermint.
Now crawl into your basket
and practice it.
And hop to it.
Salad diet and...
Hop to it.
Not that I miss him,
but we really should look for Ronaldo.
You and Roger take the left.
I'll go right.
We'll meet at the exit.
Ronaldo scared a gigantic lizard.
Ronaldo fears neither death nor the devil.
[gasps]
-[Ronaldo] Ronaldo's muscles defy...
-[gasps]
...danger everywhere.
[tiger growling]
[tiger] You are filled with fear.
And so you should be.
[Slavic accent]
For I am Asgar,
the terror of the jungle.
Asgar, you old puss.
Hm?
[Asgar snarls]
[stifles laughter]
[laughs hysterically]
Look at that...
Better not say it out loud, brother.
Nose!
[laughs hysterically]
He said it, didn't he?
-[Asgar laughing]
-He really said it.
Loud and clear.
[Asgar laughing]
-[gulps]
-You did say it.
-[thwacking]
-[both groan]
-Time to go.
-Absolutely.
Salad diet and...
[all groaning]
Let's celebrate our glorious victory.
Huh? Oh...
[hip-hop music]
[rapping]
[all] ♪ We're clever, we are smart ♪
♪ We have no mercy and no heart ♪
♪ We're hip and we're cool ♪
♪ We are the beasts
And we are cruel ♪
♪ Who doesn't fear us is a fool ♪
♪ We are the beasts
You better plead ♪
♪ For mercy, kissing our feet ♪
♪ We always win there's no defeat ♪
♪ Whoever fights us is dead meat ♪
[pained groaning]
Well, well.
Roger, the Thief of Robo City.
What an honor to finally meet you.
You must be Brian Longfinger.
Beezer mentioned you once.
Yes, my fingers are everywhere.
As are my eyes and ears.
You're in grave danger.
He's on your trail.
Who? Sheriff Bill?
No, not the old Bill.
Something far greater
is threatening the city.
[Brian] It all began many years ago.
To build the city,
the wetlands were drained.
Forests were cleared and rivers dammed.
[Brian] And thus, the city grew and grew,
consuming all in its wake.
The wild animals were driven
from their habitats.
Some were granted a cage at the zoo.
As I was.
[Brian] But most were simply cast out.
For the sake of the city,
a place where people and their pets
could be free from cares.
Robots were designed to do all the work.
Slowly but surely,
the inhabitants grew more
and more selfish and spoilt.
[Brian] And as the city
flourished and grew,
so too did the rubbish dump,
feeding on the inhabitants' garbage
until it spilled out across the land
like the tentacles of a giant squid.
Frank Stone, too, began to change.
The genius behind Robo City
grew ever more obsessive.
[Brian] The once friendly man
secluded himself,
turned his back on everyone,
even on those he loved.
The handsome idol of Robo City
grew pale and bony.
Something terrible happened to him.
And now...
Now the city is being run
by a monster.
[Brian] What happened?
We all want to know and understand.
Especially you, Roger.
[Brian] More than anyone else,
you want to know and understand.
So now you are their leader.
[Brian] You will be their guide.
Through gloomy times
to rekindle the light.
Hm...
And I always thought
only pets were cuckoo.
[dramatic music]
It is done.
The perfect world is just one step away.
We're safe now.
[vacuum whirs]
[doorbell rings]
[Belle gasps sadly]
[groans, sniffles]
[exhales sadly]
[sighs]
She'll probably be out
looking for me... right now.
Exactly.
She'll be terribly worried about me.
Sure.
Oh.
That'll be the day
when I need pity from a stray dog.
She let me down.
She upped and left without me.
And that's that.
Tutto solo.
All alone the hero rises.
Buffoon.
No one's ever said that to me before.
What a feisty lady.
And you? You could never understand.
You're a layabout, a stray, a thief.
You've never lost anything.
Because you've never had anything to lose.
Hm. True. I'm a stray.
I've no home. No owner.
No one to care for me around the clock.
And I'm a thief too.
I'm not proud of it.
I stole to survive.
There are many like me out there.
[Roger] With no place to go
when it gets dark,
no hope,
no one to look after them.
But...
[inhales]
But I was not born a stray.
Once, I had a home.
A warm bed. The best dishes.
And above all...
someone who loved me
more than anything.
We were inseparable.
[Roger] When he was at work,
I anxiously waited for him.
We spent all our spare time together.
We wandered the streets for hours,
or we'd just play and play.
And then, well, one day, it happened.
I'd picked up an exciting scent.
I was pulling at my leash,
and, and suddenly I was loose.
Wherever I looked, there were
just strange feet and legs.
People everywhere,
but I was completely alone.
I looked for my owner all night long.
But he was gone.
And over the years, I started
forgetting where I came from.
Instead, I learned where I belong.
On the street.
And that's where I learned
to look after myself.
It wasn't easy, but I managed.
[sniffles]
So he was a pet like us.
Think twice, stupid.
We're strays now, like him.
Oh.
But we got a roof over our head.
We've got each other.
And we've got... Fixit!
Fixit, ice cream for everyone!
[Sophie] Only the best.
[upbeat music turns menacing]
[beeping]
[tense music]
[clanking]
Oh!
Huh?
[Bob] Oh, no. Oh.
Battle mode.
That's bad news.
Hang on. I'm supposed to say that.
[upbeat music]
[groans]
[grunting]
[snorts]
Uh...
Huh!
[Roger grunts]
Huh! Oh!
[gasps]
[grunting]
[Sophie grunts]
Hmph! How was that?
[snorts]
Hey, guys, we'd better leave now.
And you go and fix yourself.
Ha-ha!
That was fun.
-Huh?
-[gasps]
The fun's not over yet.
[growls]
Ya!
[Roger] Have a nice day!
Oops.
[machine turning on]
[vacuum whirs]
Hey, Vac, you might need
a little more pull for all of me.
[vacuum whirring]
Oops.
[whimpering]
[gasps]
Ooh...
A bristle massage.
You wanna be my personal trainer?
[pants]
[all panting]
[lively music]
[panting]
Come on!
[Bob] Hurry up!
[all panting]
Sophie? Walter?
Huh!
[gasps]
Ha!
Hmm...
Oh, no. No way.
[rousing music]
Woohoo-hoo!
Woo!
-Woo!
-Hm.
[vacuum whirs]
You wanna race? Fine with me.
[both gasp]
[both screaming]
Let's go surfing, sweetie.
-[Sophie] Whoo-hoo!
-[Walter] Yahoo!
[Sophie laughs]
[humming]
-[Sophie] Whoo! Huh!
-Hmph.
Time for the flying pug.
[Sophie] Whoo-hoo!
[dramatic music]
[laughing]
Hm? Ah!
-[revs]
-[thuds]
You have the right to remain silent.
[beeps]
[screeches]
[grunts]
[Belle screams]
Hello.
[rumbling]
[laughs wickedly]
[train scraping]
[clanks]
-Let's stick together, guys.
-Yes.
-Huh... Mm...
-[train creaks]
[loud thud]
[rumbling]
[loud bang]
[gasps]
-Ah!
-[creaking]
[all yelp]
[Roger] Nobody move! Nobody move!
[all] Oh...
[yelping]
[loud thud]
Huh?
My dog tag.
[creaking]
Huh?
[grunts]
[grunting]
A gift from Mama.
-Strays don't need ID.
-Mm... Uh...
Welcome to the free world.
[train announcer]
Next station. Shopping Mall.
[lively music]
Shouldn't we slow down a bit?
Speed is my middle name!
-Huh-ho!
-Oh! Ah!
Ha!
[Sophie screams]
[lively music]
-Huh?
-[creaking]
Whoa!
[whimpering]
-[Bill] Uh-oh.
-[crashes]
[metal clanking]
Ah!
[sighs]
[mumbles]
-[screaming]
-[gasps]
[Sophie] Wow!
[both screaming]
-[glass shatters]
-Oh!
Oh! Grande teatro!
Forward. Right. Bingo.
And action!
[whooshes]
-Oh!
-[clanks]
Keep your head up, Bill.
[chuckles]
[grunting]
Ugh. Gross.
What a smell.
[footsteps thudding]
[breathes loudly]
[hyena laughs hysterically]
-[Asgar growls]
-Oh.
You didn't take it personally, right?
No, no, not personally.
But I took it to heart.
Oh! Bob has an idea.
-[beeps]
-[Bob] There we go.
Oh, hey!
-[Roger] Ah, come on!
-[Bob] After you.
[growling]
[Bob] Bye!
Ow!
Sorry.
Upon my soul.
That's embarrassing.
[majestic orchestral music]
Whoa!
Finally.
Huh.
Ready for a hip-swing?
-[Sophie] Oh, yeah!
-[thuds]
["Stir It Up" by Patti LaBelle
and Joss Stone plays over the jukebox]
What a woman.
Hey, lover-boy.
That woman is already taken.
Whoa!
♪ Chased my dreams
Through the polluted air ♪
♪ I'm walking on a wire ♪
♪ Running out of time ♪
♪ There's no room
In this ol' heart of mine ♪
♪ Bill collectors
Waiting down the hall ♪
♪ Neighbors scream
And crack the bedroom wall ♪
♪ Words jump off the pages
Passion hits the street ♪
♪ Anger's cooking in the city heat ♪
♪ World's too crazy
I can't take no more ♪
♪ I won't stay here
Locked behind the door ♪
♪ Got to stir it up ♪
Mmm...
[groans]
[chuckles, slurps]
[sniffs]
♪ Stir it up
Got to shake it up now ♪
[snarls]
Ow.
Yes!
[laughs]
Ow.
Ha-ha!
Hm?
[growls]
Hey...
[grunts]
Whoa!
Oh! Woohoo-hoo!
Dinos. Bob loves dinos.
[Roger] Bob?
Uh-uh.
Bob is very happy to meet you.
-Hello!
-[Mayor] The Emo Bot.
A disgrace to perfection.
Scrap you are
and to scrap you shall return.
[scrapes]
Oh.
Um...
Ah...
Uh-oh.
[foreboding music]
[sighs]
[grunts]
[snarls]
[both] Ha-ha! Hmph.
[grunts]
Take that, you stinking rust-buckets.
Ah...
[chuckles]
[snarls]
[Roger] Hmm...
[light music]
-Woo!
-[thuds]
[hums]
-[Walter grunts]
-Ha-ha!
[blows air]
[both grunt]
[heroic music]
Uh...
Huh?
Huh!
[grunts]
[shatters]
[groans]
[exhales]
[menacing music]
Huh?
-Time to go.
-Absolutely.
Come on!
-[thuds]
-Hm? Uh...
[grunts, growls]
Come and get me.
[groans]
Ow.
-[Asgar groans]
-[beeps]
[grunts]
[sniffs]
I can smell their cold sweat.
[groaning in pain]
We were a pretty neat team back there.
Hm.
[chuckles]
Hey, Bob, everything okay?
It was all my fault.
If I hadn't flipped the switch...
Hey, hey, cheer up.
No, no. I have endangered my friends.
But I will make amends.
What are you talking about, Bob?
You should check
your "think positive" chip.
It's more than that.
As long as I'm with you,
you're all in danger.
[Bob] He's not after you.
He's after me.
He wants to scrap me!
I have to turn myself in
to save my friends' lives.
I have no clue what's going on.
But Ronaldo can taste
the smell of bravery.
Huh?
Okay.
Bob. No!
[groans]
[Roger] Wait... wait, Bob!
[panting]
[panting continues]
[somber music]
[pants]
I heard there's
a huge mouth outside the city
that grinds every bot
that comes its way to pulp.
And the mouth never stops chewing.
It chomps and chomps, day and night.
And the cries of those poor souls...
And the sounds of cracked limbs...
-Pipe down, Ronaldo.
-Ouch.
Hey, what's the matter with you?
Hey.
I have to go and look for Bob.
And I'm going to find him.
He's not alone.
We are friends for life.
I'm coming with you, Roger.
No. We're all going.
We're pets united.
Uh-uh. Together we'll attract
too much attention.
Besides, I strongly feel
that Bob's and my fate
are somehow connected.
I have to find out myself.
And if I'm not back by midday tomorrow,
you have to try and leave town
before the Stray Police find you.
Leave town?
How are we supposed to do that?
Beezer once told me
that there's a wall... with a door.
And behind the door... is a happier world.
I don't know. Maybe it's wrong.
But this world has been
in my dreams ever since.
You will find out.
You're strong. You'll make it.
Roger.
Roger!
[sighs]
-[Brian] Your friends are lost.
-[gasps]
I'll yank those whiskers right out
of your chin if you say that again,
you little dumpling.
Threats won't get you anywhere, dear lady.
Do you know where they've taken Bob?
To...
Robo World.
Entering that part of town
is strictly prohibited.
The road leading to Robo World
is heavily guarded by robots.
But...
[Brian] There is another path.
If you succeed in opening
the gate that leads to it.
Piece of cake.
[clanks]
Ew. What a stench.
It's the stench of hell.
[Brian] The path to Robo World
is the path through...
the underworld.
It's dangerous to take it.
I will.
And if I stink for the rest
of my life, so what?
Mamma mia.
We taught them a lesson
they'll never forget.
Ah... You want to celebrate
our glorious victory?
Absolutely.
[hip-hop music]
♪ 'Cause we are strong ♪
♪ And we're cool ♪
♪ We are the beasts ♪
♪ And we are cruel ♪
♪ Who doesn't fear us... ♪
Huh?
[swooshes]
[loud thud]
...is a fool?
[thunder rumbles]
[ominous music]
Am I not flawless and pure...
father?
You're a monster.
[foreboding music]
[thunder rumbling]
So you've finally come to kill me?
How could I?
You are my creator.
[Frank] You made me in your image.
You taught me everything.
Until I grew smarter than you...
and stronger.
For you are merely human.
But I am still your son.
No. What a fool I am.
I wanted to build a perfect city
by destroying nature.
[Frank] I wanted to create
a perfect organism,
and you are the result.
No...
[Frank] You're no son of mine.
You're the spawn of the devil.
[Frank laughs wickedly]
[laughing maniacally]
[dramatic music]
[sniffs]
Uh...
[sniffing]
Hmm...
[eerie music]
[sniffing]
[whimpers]
Mission completed, Master.
Well, well, well...
Who've we got here?
The robot with human feelings.
[chuckles nervously]
Boris.
How did this horrible thing
escape the crusher?
You were supposed
to get rid of all the copies
of this good-for-nothing series.
You didn't feel sorry for him, did you?
What a stupid idea.
A robot with emotions.
How ridiculous.
Emotions disrupt
the perfect course of things.
They are impure and full of errors.
[grunts]
[groans]
[grunting]
-Oh...
-[chuckles wickedly]
-[chuckles]
-Hey...
What's up with your head?
You're no sheriff.
You're junk. Get out of my sight.
Oh.
That's not fair.
-Oh.
-And now to you.
You came here to kill your master.
[Mayor] You're a brave
but useless little guy.
And now all that's left for you is...
The Jaw.
No.
Ew.
[ominous music]
Huh?
[sudden bang]
[all gasping]
[creepy metallic creaking]
[hisses]
[Bill] Comrades!
Sheriff Bill?
They are not our enemy.
I was the head of the Stray Police
and charged with
keeping scrap off the streets.
But now, I'm just like you.
A discarded robot.
[Bill] And I'm proud of it.
So you and these strays
are now under my protection.
[heroic music]
-[rumbles]
-[clanks]
Come on. Hurry up about it.
[Bob whimpers]
Ha...
Oh, I get it.
You really have got a soft spot
for the little guy.
Loser.
I'll show you.
[mumbles]
But first, we say goodbye to our friend.
Sweet dreams and bon voyage.
Ah! Ugh.
[grunts]
[laughs wickedly]
[dramatic music]
[clanks]
[Sophie] Piece of cake!
[ominous music]
[whirring]
Huh!
[grunts]
[Roger groaning]
Bob! Uh...
[gasps, sighs]
[Bob groaning]
Bob! No!
[panting]
Roger.
[grunting]
[Roger pants]
[Roger] Oh, no!
You have to jump off, my friend.
-Never.
-You can't save me.
I'm too heavy.
And I'm not made of flesh and blood.
I'm metal.
I can't escape the magnet.
I'm not going to abandon you.
You're everything I got.
We are friends for life, remember?
It's been a long and wonderful day.
I'm grateful for that.
[gasps]
Huh!
Belle... What a prima ballerina.
[gasps]
[grunts]
[groaning]
Phew. That was a close one.
[chuckles]
-[clanks]
-[gasps]
[Sophie groans]
[Belle] Hold tight.
[Roger] Hey.
[both groaning]
-[alarm beeping]
-Huh?
[frustrated groan]
[alarm beeping]
[clicks]
[groaning]
[Sophie yelling]
Ah!
[determined grunt]
[grunting]
You can do it, Ronaldo.
Huh? Hm.
[dramatic music]
[thuds]
Hmm...
[grunts]
-Oh!
-[Ronaldo] Yeah.
Oh, oh. Hey!
[laughs]
It's Ronaldo.
[laughs proudly]
Thank you, Belle.
Walter.
-Oh...
-[Bob] Ronaldo.
-[Bob] Ha! Sophie.
-[smooches]
Hmm.
[laughing]
-My friend.
-Bob.
[soft music]
Huh?
[dramatic music]
Come on. I dare you.
Oh.
[chuckles]
You obey your master.
But tomorrow, you'll be
discarded like we were.
[Bill] Prized robots and scrap,
we are all alike.
The same energy flows through our veins.
We are brothers and sisters.
And our enemy is not down here,
but up there!
[dramatic music]
What a useless waste of time.
[beeps]
[rumbling]
[laughs wickedly]
[all whimper, gasp]
[whirring]
Cats aren't afraid of spiders.
Cats aren't afraid of spiders!
[hisses]
Who's the scaredy-cat now?
[meows fiercely]
[growling]
Huh?
Belle!
[pants]
Hi, guys.
-[relieved sigh]
-[all gasp]
[growls]
Whoa.
Bye-bye.
-Belle, that was the--
-Yes, that was quite a long day.
But it was the best day of my life.
[sighs]
For one day we were all...
Mangy strays.
We had no protection,
but we weren't afraid.
We were without a Mama.
But we were as free as pirates.
We were all like Roger and Bob.
Without them, we wouldn't have made it.
Thank you, but it's not over yet.
Hm.
Huh? Uh...
[gasps]
Is it possible?
Is it a dream?
Is it really you?
-[Frank] Roger? My Roger?
-[sniffs]
No... no, it can't be.
-Oh, where have you been all this time?
-[pants]
I thought I... I'd never see you again.
[panting]
-Roger.
-[barks]
[barking]
We'll never lose each other again.
[pants]
-Thank you, Boris.
-[mumbles]
And thank you, Bob.
My greatest invention.
Oh.
[clanking]
No power on earth can stop me.
We are too perfect to be defeated.
A piece of discarded junk
and a miserable stray.
-[growls]
-[Mayor] The scum of my city.
You dare to come here?
-[beeps]
-Huh?
[grumbles]
Let me down, you freak!
[Frank] Oh, he will.
Later.
Uh, you wanna say goodbye, Bob?
With pleasure.
[dramatic music]
Oh... Interesting turn of events.
Boris will now let you down.
Bon voyage. And sweet dreams.
[uplifting music]
[chuckles]
Now Bob has a nanny too.
I haven't been here in ages.
[clicks]
[door clanks]
I built this wall to keep
the city safe from the wild.
[Frank] Thinking about it now,
it's probably the other way round.
[gasps]
Does anyone know what that is?
[Roger] Our ancestors called it...
nature.
[swooshes]
[Ronaldo] Slomo!
I thought, you...
[laughs]
The spider?
Not fast enough for old Slomo, my friend.
[chuckles]
Just had a quick look
at this side of the wall.
There are things out there
you wouldn't imagine.
Another happier world.
-Yes, Roger.
-[gasps]
Another happier world.
So much space outside our cages.
So much fresh air.
-[breathes loudly]
-[coughing]
At least in theory.
And the zoo had its good sides too.
Oh, yes.
A roof over one's head when it rains.
An audience full of admiration
and fear.
And always enough to eat.
But the cages?
You always end up in one cage or another.
But when it's your home,
you don't see the bars.
Hm...
-Huh?
-[laughs]
Hm?
Hmm...
[upbeat funky music]
[Bob laughs]
My name is Bob.
I'm happy to make your acquaintance.
[gasps]
Ew...
Have you not thought
about getting your nose done?
I think it's big enough.
[laughs]
-How do I look, Tiger?
-Hm.
[sighs]
Why do I bother asking?
You only ever give a stupid whistle.
Sound system?
Chorus line ready?
[both] Always.
-Playback?
-[thuds]
["Good Times ft. Ella Eyre"
by Sigma playing]
♪ Tell me, tell me, tell me
What it is that you need ♪
[Tiger] ♪ 'Cause I think
I'm onto something ♪
♪ 'Cause I feel the good times coming ♪
[Tiger] ♪ Tell me, tell me... ♪
-Oh!
-Sometimes you have to get
a load off your shoulders
to stay on top of things.
[laughs]
[singing]
Are you really a pig?
-No joke?
-Sure, what did you think?
A hummingbird?
I always thought you were a pug, like me.
[laughs]
Nobody and nothing is perfect.
Oh, the mysteries of life.
Woo-hoo!
♪ 'Cause I feel the good times coming ♪
♪ What is it that you need? ♪
So...
-Are you up for another adventure?
-With you?
Hm.
Any day.
♪ Tell what it is that you need ♪
♪ 'Cause I think I'm onto something ♪
♪ 'Cause I feel the good times coming ♪
Salad diet and...
Oh, peppermint!
You're letting yourself go, Ronaldo.
You could risk losing
your Pet of the Year title.
So what.
Besides, we are all Pet of the Year.
[Tiger] ♪ Tell me, tell me ♪
♪ Tell me what it is that you need ♪
♪ 'Cause I think I'm onto somethin' ♪
♪ 'Cause I feel the good times comin' ♪
[lively music]
[calm music]